Sister, it's okay if you usually target me
But how could you betray Brother Beichen?
Betrayal
When it comes to betrayal, who can compare to you?
Gu Beichen
Don't think about the things you have in your heart
I can't see it.
What am I thinking?
Didn't I do all that for my family and for you?
Don't say that.
Gu Beichen
You are doing this to take care of your family
But which one thing did you do for me?
Oh, I see.
This is why you went home with Li Feiyu yesterday
Do you know that you are my wife now?
You do this
Where do you want my face to go?
God, I didn't expect the Gu family to be so messy.
I heard before that Lonely Lord dotes on his concubine and destroys his wife
I didn't expect it.
Lonely Jun's wife is not a good person either
What's not to mess with?
I think Mrs. Gu is not a good person either
Otherwise, how can you destroy the Lonely Lord in front of you?
Going home with the leader of the Yuhua Gang?
That's right, it's not a fuel-efficient lamp.
Lin Jingyun, what else do you have to say now?
I have nothing to say.
elder sister
You are really going too far, you obviously did it.
I don't even know how to repent
Beautiful woman, let's end this today
What do you have in mind?
Father, I will say it directly when you come.
Your good daughter Lin Jingyun
Didn't come home with me last night
I went back to his house with him
I will not allow you to slander Qingyun's reputation
Slander what I saw with my own eyes
Yesterday, Qingyun returned to her mother's house
Li Peng came back from the escort